The Joe Rogan experience.
Do he to tell me a story once about how he had to take a? So he took a in the,
in the bathtub and then he had to smush it with his foot to get it go down the
drain it all. Wouldn't go down. And.
That's when his two paths use the toilet dude.
He told me if do.
Logs, he used to leave. He used to leave logs and he come look at this.
And he used in there. No, no, his, when he was really big, he couldn't.
Read his, couldn't pushed him front, front of toilet. So he.
Couldn't get all the way back there. So his drinking would lead. They would,
they would land on the beach in front of the water.
They didn't land on the water. So they never really flushed. Oh my God, they,
you just see them. And.
They're like, he sends me photos. Oh, all the time.
Now that he texts, he's texting like a ninth grader. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, yo,
you see the monkey on this chick, everything. He sends me.
Pictures, everything, dude, my in Columbia from all the,
just the greasy oily Banuelos and Chi Romans. It, it was the first,
all many times a day. And it was this, it was just probably helps like soft.
Like it, it was like,
if you fed a puppy too many treats <laugh> <laugh>.
Bro. When my, when Marsha was a puppy,
one thing happens to some dogs is when their babies would try to eat their.
And so he was and trying to eat it at the same time.
So he'd spin around circle and try to bite it as it was coming out of the hole,
he was trying to eat it right out of.
The tap, right out his. Yeah. Uh, Joey told me one time that, uh,
he was about in the shower and he was like, yeah, it was great.
I did it all the time. I was like, <laugh>, sit in the shower. And he's like,
yeah, he goes and he's like, if it's like a log, I'll just.
And then I just toss it to the toilet. And I was like, oh.
No. <laugh>. And then he said.
He said.
That how much practices he ever doing that you must have missed before piece of
paper, you go for the, can you miss? Oh, missing that.
Missing.
Would be.
He said that I go, you did stop. That's so revolting. Did you? He goes,
he's like I had to, <laugh> go. Why goes? My wife saw me do it one time.
And she said, no more.
No more. My wife saw me. Do you imagine.
Some point God with.
In their hand? Like.
Oh my God, it's hilarious.
I didn't wanna leave in the, in the bathtub.
I farted once in the, in the, in the shower and I all over the place.
You did <laugh> yeah, I wasn't feeling that good. And I,
I farted just all over the, all over the floor, but I have one of those,
you know, those handheld jam and I just had it down, rinsing it down.
I was in that shower for like a half an hour.
And then I squirt shampoo all over the bottom.
Do it. This will clean it down.
Like it's a murder scene.
And then I left and then I came back in just to get a fresh smell of it. Yeah.
Cause you know, you don't,
you all factory senses are weird because they don't detect smell.
They detect changes and smell. That's right.
That's why people in Pennsylvania who live near those cattle ranches. Oh,
they don't smell anymore. They don't smell anymore. Right.
Cause if you go to like, my parents used to live in Wilbury, Pennsylvania. Nice.
Used to go to drive, drive to visit them from the city. Oh my God.
There's a stretch that you drive. That's all just cattle ranches.
It just horrible.
Smell. I'll be there on the pretty point tour.
It's great town. It's a great town. It smells like they'll be happy there.
It smells like death and. Cause two things that are happening there.
Slaughter houses and and, and cow. Cow. Yeah.
So you just get this like that methane stuff that they talk about.
Like being contributed to greenhouse houses. That's legit. 100%.
And apparently you can, they can do something about that.
If they just add a certain, a seaweed to a cow's diet.
You just, you just blew my mind.
So smell is it's the change in smell that you notice. It's not the smell.
Right? That's why people stink. Don't notice they stink.
That's also why when you smoke a joint, you don't notice it,
but everybody else around you, they come, oh my God, you guys are high as. They,
they come in the room.
Smell weed. Why Indian people can live at Indian people homes. Oh, you piece.
Bro. It's Curry. It's not bad. I had Indian food tonight.
I love Indian food. First time ever had, I never had Indian food.
When I was in Russia, we got, uh,
lap answers from these strippers and they had all eaten Indian food. I'd never,
I'd never smelled Curry before smart on you. So I'd only grown up in up Florida.
We didn't have Indian restaurants and I lived in town and the smell was so
disgusting. I was like,
these are the most disgusting smelling women I've ever been with. Kasu probably,
probably 15 years later. I'm having dinner with my wife.
First time I ever had Indian food and they bring it while we walk in the
restaurant and I go, dude, smell, smell a.
I realize I must been Indian food. <laugh>.
Oh my God's hilarious.
That's so that blows my mind.
It's just the change in smell that you notice smell. That's why when you fart.
Yeah.
Right. You.
Smell. Smell for a second.
Yeah. Yeah. But you're factory senses are designed to detect changes. You're uh.
Your body, your brain senses a signal to you. You that to be smell.
And that's why it doesn't affect you as much as someone.
Else's fault. No, there's something about no, you're ready.
This is blowing my mind right now. Yeah. Yeah.
That's why people that smell don't know, they smell.
Well.
There's also a thing about your farts that smell good to you because there's
something in your body. It's like, there's something in your brain.
It triggers like that. You're having a relief. It's like, there's a buildup.
And then you smell a smell. And it's like, ah,
cause it signifies the relief that you know, that feeling when you to fart,
it's like, oh,
when you're in your car and you fart and then you start wafting the smell up.
You're like, oh, not bad. It's pretty.
Already fart in a pillow and take it to the face. I love my farts.
That's that's do you ever take it.
Over here? Do you ever fart in your bed and you, your wife is in the bathroom.
You're like, oh my God, I gotta get a pillow out. fans. Fans.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's when I go that's when I hold it down and I go, Hey, do me a favor.
You're a bad person. Check. Good.
People, Tom and I are good people, Tom.
He not, I know.
What I do is I do more theatrical stuff. <laugh>.
I'll I'll.
I'll take this to the next.
I wanna hear your story. Well,
I do things like I'll do like leg kicks as I fart or <laugh> I'll pull my legs
back. Like I'm changing my diapers on a position. She doesn't like it at all.
She doesn't like it at all. Uh, my mom today, farted for like,
like 12 mom fart. I gimme heads up. If you gonna.
One that your mom did when you caught her in the kitchen,
then she turns and looks to you.
The look face was you need to take her to a doctor. Oh,
there might be something.
Going on. Standard operating all life,
all life. I'm telling you today. She broke it easily. And I go,
why don't you tell me so I can record it. And she goes,
give me $150,000 hundred.
I'll give her hundred 50 for that.
Made a deal. That it's it's pretty.
Impressive. Wow. Hold on. Let's hear this. Let's hear this. Let's hear this.
Oh yeah. Go, go from the beginning. Hold on. Hold before you play.
Were you just randomly filming her? You weren't thinking it was coming.
Were you? No, no. Here's what's happened. I, I said something about, I go, yeah.
You think you have one and she didn't. She thought we were just like bantering.
You think you have one fart? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I, and like, as a,
and I saw her just turn and I go, oh, I think she might.
And you know the beauty of these things, I was like,
pull it out and I just hit the camera from the lock screen.
And then she didn't know. Let.
Me hear this.
Oh, this is the loop. This is the.
Loop. The look on her face. When she turns around,
she sees that camera pointed at her.
That's.
She's smiling right there. She's smiling right there. <laugh>.
You don't know my son anymore. My son, son.
Don't know my son.
Anymore. Oh. And I made merch told, said you're not my son anymore.
And I would send it to the house. <laugh>.
She got son anymore. Oh my God.
She's the Argentinian. She Peruvian. Oh my God.
That's hilarious. Best one I ever did is when the girls were little like babies,
I farted into McDonald's cup and I put my hand over it and I went, I go like,
Scooby, do scream, poison your babies. I go, girls. I just caught a butterfly.
And they're like, what? And I <laugh>, both of them are like,
I don't tell like literally immediately.
You did it to me once at the Irv. I and improv. Oh, that what.
I a good one. You like capture a fart and a cup. Oh, if.
It happens, he let out like a, like, you know when it's like,
you know when it's like hot death, like when you, when it, when you feel warm,
you're like, feel warm. It's warm. And then you're like, it's also rotten.
This is like a rotten one. Right? Right. I was across like the,
the lobby from him in the club. And he's like, Hey, come here, come here.
Like he signaled, like, I gotta tell you something. I go, what?
And I ran up and like, it just hit me like a, like a brick to the face.
Like it was.
Dude. I have, I have sometimes with my stomach,
I told this to Tom a long time on our pod going on our podcast.
I took a in Japan once that was so bad.
The guy in the stall next to me threw up <laugh>
and joke. We were in Japan. I thought he was talking to me. He was like,
and I'm like, I dunno what you're saying. No, no Japanese dude. I, and that's,
by the way, that's happened twice. It happened once in Denver. Oh, I I'm people.